# Algo-Trading-14
This folder contains our major works and results that were shown during our final presentations.
## Description of Files
Our codes are divided into 5 main sections and there are multiple notebook and python files that demonstrates our models and utility functions. The codes and data are in the folder Code and Data while the other folders store some test results and figures.
* **Data** Our millisecond trade and quote data are gathered from the WRDS database. We included the particular dates' data which we used to conduct our testing cases. We also used the provided minute level price data for the fourth quarter of 2018. There are several utility function notebooks that are used to preprocess our high frequency data and fill in the missing gaps where needed.
* **Section 1&2** The codes for training and testing our neural network models and constructing different portfolios are in the notebook labeled Section 1&2. The resulting portfolios, in terms of selected long/short stocks and their future period performance are written to text files that we included in the NN Portfolio Results folder. There are results from both neural network model 1 and 2 and the ensembled model, for different portfolio scopes. We stored the technical indicator data we constructed from the original quarter four price data into a dictionary file called data.npy. The sample stocks selected by neural network models are visualized and stored in the stock figures folder.
* **Section 3** The code for testing zero market drift effect is in the notebook labeled Section 3. We use several stock's trade period data from selected training days to test if the drift parameter is zero. The drift test figures are stored in their own folder.
* **Section 4** There are multiple notebooks in this section corresponding to different models we used to predict trading period volume so as to target the VWAP benchmark. There are codes used for estimating the historic mean volume and polynomial fitted volume, codes for in and out sample PCA-ARIMA predictions, codes for execution of our order-splitting models, and codes for LSTM volume prediction models. The corresponding testing results for PCA-ARIMA and LSTM models are in respective folders.
* **Section 5** The file backtesting.py is used to construct real-time analysis of our proposed portfolio rebalancing during the entire period of 2018 quarter 4. We use the code to plot PnL curves as well as construct formal bookkeepings for all our trade transactions follwing the realized market trades.
* **Summary** When we test our project, we will run the notebooks in the correct order and the results from the first part will be used to test on our VWAP executions. Specifically, the codes in section 4 are run in parallel since they are different methods for the same purpose. Finally, backtesting codes provides us with a unified framework to test all our portfolio performances.
